oh my goodness things are heating up in
today's video we are going to talk about
the US dollar we'll talk about gold we
are going to look at what's happening
inside of the United States right now
today leading up into the election oh my
goodness you came here the truth so let
me unveil that for you today's video is
going to be big because I'm going to get
to a lot of information I'm going to
break down exactly what's going on
there's an election distraction that's
happening but if we would take that away
and look at the actual data the details
hey you're going to figure out just
what's happening there's a lot of people
saying can the stock market keep going
up Market Watchers think so it depends
on who you look at of course and you'll
see this for yourself all over the place
there have been the case of you know
stock markets Rising depending on when
you look at this index or that index
generally they are moving up the tech
stocks have been pushing everything up
higher and you had seen that clearly and
distinctly retail sales pull solid gain
in September showing a continued strong
economy hey everything's so good right I
mean you don't have nothing to worry
about inflation is down we have food
prices apparently at the levels they
were at in 2019 and uh there's no need
to worry you don't just don't go outside
and just stick your head in the sand
that's what they're suggesting to you of
course nobody believes this then you
have the people like Millennial monies
or whatever the YouTubes uh where they
say hey go and buy a firm and uh this
just one company and you could see that
uh when it was being pumped it was way
up here and now here it is down there
many years later be careful who you pay
attention to very important stuff and
you have these trends that can go on hey
let's build empty cities let's build
ghost towns let's build without there
being demand because the demand will
come later and then you have empty
cities you have nobody going there you
have farmers claiming their land saying
hey if you're not going to build these
houses in here and you took our land
well we're coming in well this is
something that could be the case
anywhere they are building all this
infrastructure will they actually go and
use it will it be utilized if you built
it they will come well that certainly
worked in the movies does it work today
you can see this the previous one uh
that I had showed there was basically
just showing us Amazon and teu what are
they fighting for why is Amazon worried
about teu it's because teu sells a lot
of lower priced products Amazon was so
scared that they set up a section of
their website that was is just for low
priced products they are and and by the
way shipping directly from China so
they're doing the same model of Teemu
but they are trying to do this because
people are worried this is showing us
the gold price the gold price right now
is at a level we have not seen before
okay depending on when you're watching
this video it seems to be going up every
single day it's gotten too hot if you
ask me in the last little while perhaps
you could argue it's catching up and
even silver to I can't even believe it
I'm looking at this I'm saying wow $33
haven't seen that in a long time when we
compare that to the US dollar of course
we can see uh a measurement and I'll
I'll give you that here just looking at
Silver and where it has been I mean I
can't believe it now I understand
something about silver and gold yes we
have manipulation uh it's very difficult
for them to hold that down if everybody
sort of piles in however it has been
underperforming a lot of other assets uh
but they're still doing well gold I
believe has done better usually what
happens as I've said in my books as I've
said on my videos gold usually goes
first and then silver follows up after
in a more exaggerated fashion as you
will see right here uh during this
period of time years ago back in that
2011 uh into yeah 2011 time frame so
look at this US dollar studies after
China hits Market with potential 6
trillion Yuan Bond issuance and of
course what's going to happen the
Federal Reserve is going to cut that's
going to have an impact on the US dollar
strength but at the same time if China
is doing this if they're trying to
stimulate if they are trying to do
things that other countries are doing
this is all part of the easing cycle I
talked about this I think in the last
couple videos in fact where we're
getting into this new easing cycle when
you do an easing cycle it could be
because there's a big problem going on
and or it could be because they're ready
to inflate again you didn't have enough
apparently so what does this mean like
what's going on here we got to
understand that there are Trends there
are trends that I've been talking about
all along people who have been paying
attention understand okay and by the way
if you want to get in on the depth of
this all the finance Friday at the end
of this video I'm going to talk about
how to get in for free okay uh stay
tuned Microsoft azour CTO us data
centers will soon hit size limit okay
this is Big Sam ulman's Energy new deal
is good for AI but what about Americans
check this out he is asking the
government to spend hundreds of billions
of dollars on new power plants Society
needs to see the benefit too this was a
big discussion on the F Finance Friday
session where we were talking about it
in depth and what I said
was they are going to use so much energy
that there won't be enough for you and I
of course there's always going to be
energy but at a price see if you're at a
certain standard of living and you're
power prices go up somewhat you know you
can deal with it but there is a point at
which it chokes you out and that's
what's going on right here today because
the demand for this AI stuff so that you
can have little chat Bots is going up
right through the roof well that
presents itself with an issue because
hey we're like we're not scaling your
your AI might be scaling but we as
individuals aren't scaling like that and
of course this is going to be a big
problem Google will back the
construction of seven small nuclear
power reactors in the US a firstof its
kind deal that aims to help feed the
tech company's growing appetite for
electricity to power Ai and jump start a
US nuclear Revival they are going
nuclear I've been talking all about this
all along but in the meantime you can't
just say okay we want some nuclear it's
going to happen this takes a while this
is a concern because you and I are going
to have to pay a lot more now let's talk
a little bit about this I'm showing the
crime scene what is it all about well
first things first Rising prices and
higher interest rates are trapping many
Americans in expensive credit card debt
this is showing us that 37% of American
credit card holders have maxed out or
nearly maxed out on their credit limits
since the FED began raising their
interest
rates this is coming in we have the buy
now pay laters we got all that stuff
this is going on at a time in which
interest rates are still very very high
especially on credit cards okay that's
basically over 20% the average I think
they say in here is about
25% how can you ever pay that off of
course you can't and people don't and so
they can you know maybe you renegotiate
the debt maybe you claim bankruptcy
whatever the point is that people are
cash strapped and you have another group
of people that are doing well right but
the group of people that are suffering
in addition to the energy prices I just
just talked about it's going to be a
bigger and bigger and bigger group of
people shoplifters gone wild you've
probably seen it they're locking up I
mean even and and he's obviously doing
it on purpose the leader of El Salvador
he's saying hey look you you tell us
about our country and look at these
countries in the west where they have to
lock up your razor blades and you know
your toothpaste and all this stuff he's
saying look at that what kind of safety
is that well of course there's
punishment inside the carjacking crisis
going on Everywhere by the way suburbs
not just you know in your downtowns and
everything oh and by the way if you're
in certain areas San Francisco and other
things maybe just leave the door unlock
so that they don't have to smash your
windows what kind of world are we living
in well don't worry because the robots
are going to be taking a lot of the jobs
they're going to be doing a lot of the
service you won't even have income based
on what we're seeing here if you are in
certain
industries Walmart confirms robots will
run ghost kitchens inside test locations
and you can already order your coffee
okay coffee easy but we're seeing a lot
of these businesses that are using this
and let's be honest they're saying hey
we want a raise we want a raise we want
a union we know we want all of this
automated ports are
coming you're going to see completely
automated fast food restaurants no the
high-end Michelin start restaurants
they're not going to be operating with
robots at least anytime soon but those
places where you got you you want you
know want to keep those costs down they
could say hey we can keep the cost down
but we're using all robots and some
people say hey maybe I don't get any
sneaky little additions to my uh Burger
I'm fine with that inside Amazon
warehouse where robots have taken over
and cry at humans but they're loved it's
just weird it's getting weird the point
is you need to be aare of these Trends
what did we talk about today we're
looking at the stock market everyone's
saying can go higher but there are
limitations is this a real trend is AI a
real Trend we need to see that this is
The Telltale sign you wait until the end
we need to see the other stocks coming
up behind it not just the nvidias not
just the you know the the tech stocks we
have to see a lot of that and that's
called breadth breadth is the important
word you need to search for you need to
find is it a strong breath or not okay
then we looked at nuclear this is the
biggest thing because the governments
are going to pump in the corporations
are going to pump in what will what
companies will do very well as a result
of nuclear taking off not just in the
United States but other places around
the world that's the big thing today you
know the crime is coming in you know the
costs are increasing you have to make
more money you have to make more money
or you have to be more self-sufficient
you could do both that's what I call the
pillars of prosperity if you want to
learn a lot more and you don't even have
to pay just do the giveaway get on the
giveaway get in last time only 30 people
applied okay you got to get in there
it's only open for a few days then it
closes and then it automatically chooses
a winner and then I will email you you
have to be available as of watching this
recording this Friday okay so this
Friday at 900 p.m. eastern time you have
to be available there's a link at the
top of this subscription to win this is
what it's all about okay I want you to
join I want you to get in this has been
sponsored by one of the members so I
want to thank them for making this
possible and I hope that I will see you
there we had a great time last week this
is a fantastic thing where people get to
join get to see it a little bit I hope
that you will get in on that link in the
description and if you want the whole
details about all of this the money
gps.com
slive where you can can see everything
you could get into the depths we are in
the process of helping people myself I'm
helping others actually build their
online business from scratch from
knowing nothing not knowing anything to
actually building launching products and
you could do the same the money gps.com
slive and uh if you want more
information I got um on my website there
there's more stuff themoney gps.com you
can go find my course that I have have
the Amazon GPS it's like $10 I think
right now I hope that you will get on
this stuff you need to make more money
you need to become more self-sufficient
I'll see you next time take care